fix(gateway): Mocking plugin supports all HTTP status codes since 3.1.0 (#6014)
Kong/developer.konghq.com: app/_kong_plugins/mocking/index.md

## Mocked responses

> By default, the Mocking plugin selects and returns the minimum HTTP status code defined for the matched operation in your API specification. In older versions of the plugin, this meant only `200`, `201`, and `204` responses could be mocked.
> 
> {% new_in 3.1 %} The plugin can mock any HTTP status code defined in your API specification, not just `200`, `201`, and `204`. You can change which status code is returned using the following options:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the Mocking plugin returns the minimum HTTP status code defined for the matched operation in your API specification.

The plugin can mock any HTTP status code defined in your specification. To change which status code is returned, use one of the following options:
```
You don't need to mention 3.1 or the older method, since 3.1 is long out of support. We try to keep only supported versions in the docs.
